samples: common: dtm: radio_test: Extract common FEM functions (#10984)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/fem_al/index.rst

> .. _fem_al_lib:

Reviewer: If you want to add this lib doc to the Other libraries section, place it in doc/nrf/libraries/other and rename this file to fem_al.rst, for example

> FEM Abstraction Layer

Reviewer: Not so sure about the capitalization. Maybe this is fine with  lower case.

#####################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The library is a wrapper for the MPSL FEM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is a wrapper for the MPSL FEM.
```

Overview
********

> The library is designed to simplify low level usage of a FEM hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library simplifies low level usage of FEM hardware.
```

Requirements
************

> The library requires the usage of a FEM and MPSL functionality.

Reviewer: This does not sound like a proper requirement, as the lib is meant to be used with FEM and MPSL, which is stated already before. If there are no other requirements, you might as well leave this section out.

Configuration
*************

> The library is enabled by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FEM_AL_LIB`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this library, use the Kconfig option ``CONFIG_FEM_AL_LIB``.
```
As this option is not available in the Kconfig reference, you should not use the :kconfig:option: tag.
